- (240103) As I was filling out the scale today I realized that since I didn't do too many creative coding activities today, I was unfamiliar with the scale questions when filling out the technological self-efficacy scale - which led to more conservative scoring compared to the previous two days. An important question to ask is whether familiarity with technology when filling out the scale affects technological self-efficacy? In other words technological self-efficacy should be a STATE personality rather than a TRAIT personality.
- (240104) Today I realized that my technological self-efficacy scale assessment seems to have suffered due to the fact that I didn't code long enough, but did type some code. Carrying on from yesterday's thoughts, I think that the amount of time spent using a particular technology on a particular day may affect the scale results. Instead of generalizing about technology, one should more directly target a particular kind of technology to make the results more plausible.
- (240105) I strongly recommend using a logic chain based on perception generation to validate the validity of the scale and to think about what factors may have influenced and should be controlled for during the subject's response. In other words, a well-established measure should include the logic chain, the scale, and the suggested control variables. For example, for 'I could complete the job using an unfamiliar software package ... if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.', the first thing that comes to mind when I think about this would be There was no experience of 'no one around', and if there was no such experience, it would be hard for me to imagine how to answer this question, and therefore the answer would fluctuate more. Of course this is just a rough idea, but I think the logic chain is a good tool.